[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
[NARRATOR] Luffy had intended
to win a tournament that
promised the Flame Flame
Fruit to the champion,
but abandoned that plan when
Law was captured by Doflamingo.
Now, he rushes to
the palace to save him.
[LUFFY] We're gonna head
straight for the palace!
And then... we'll beat
the hell outta Doflamingo!
[NARRATOR]
Meanwhile, at the coliseum,
the final battle of the
tournament is underway.
Shockwave, comin' up!
Eat this. Dragon Claw!
[yells]
[NARRATOR] And underground,
at the hidden trade port,
Operation S.O.P. is set
into motion by the Tontattas.
[LEO] With this fake grape
made out of Tatababasco,
I'm gonna knock her out!
[LEO] He might be able to
shoot a fly midair, but not me!
I'm faster!
[LEO gasps]
Huh?
Yeah! You showed 'em, Commander!
Now that we control the lift,
we can start the next phase!
[LAO G] I see you have
some fighting spirit.
[grunts]
[LUFFY]
Go! Run for it!
Man, he doesn't give up!
[VIOLET gasps]
We're trapped!
Luffy, take Violet
and go on ahead.
Leave this stone bastard to me.
You go kick Doflamingo's ass
extra hard for me, okay?
[LUFFY]
"Defeat Sugar!
The Army of the
Little People Charges!"
This big, stupid rock
is gettin' cut.
Great! Counting on you!
You're facing me now!
[LUFFY]
It's trying to block us!
Just hurry!
[LUFFY gasps]
[ZORO] Hey, I already told you
you're fighting me!
Three-Sword Style!
Oni... Giri!
[BOTH gasp]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum... Stamp!
--This way!
--[VIOLET] Okay!
[ZORO]
Black Rope Tatsumaki!
So you finally had enough?
One-Sword Style.
Sword Draw.
[ZORO]
Lion Song!
[LAO G grunting]
[RAMPO]
Commander!
Ha, ha, ha! I'm amazed that
you would have the gall
to break in our base!
And that is gall
with a capital G!
I'll do whatever it takes!
I swear. I will stop Doflamingo!
[LAO G]
Ooh...
[LAO G yells]
Commander, no!
[panting]
Get up!
[RAMPO]
This is looking grim.
If we lose him, we won't be able
to defeat Doflamingo on our own.
Nor will we be able to free
our people from the factory!
[SMILE OVERSEER A] Isn't it
kinda weird that we haven't had
any new workers
in nearly a year?
[SMILE OVERSEER B]
Yeah. I heard they don't even
visit the palace anymore.
[SMILE OVERSEER C]
Who's slackin' on the clock?
--[thud]
--[DWARF A groans]
[DWARF A]
N-Not us!
[SMILE OVERSEER B] You would
think when 500 of you people
don't return home, you'd start
to worry something's up.
[SMILE OVERSEER B] And yet the
Tontattas don't suspect a thing.
They are so incredibly dumb.
I mean, pure-hearted. [chuckles]
[SMILE OVERSEER A] So why do you
think they stopped showing up?
[SMILE OVERSEER B]
No clue.
[SMILE OVERSEER A] Well,
if we can't enslave any more,
we'll have to work the butts off
the 500 we already have.
How 'bout some tough love?
[CHAO yells]
[SMILE OVERSEER D]
Hm? What gives?
This Smile Fruit doesn't
look ripe enough yet!
Are you okay?
Start talking! I thought
Tontatta could grow anything,
so what's with this crap?
We usually can!
These Smile fruits aren't
exactly natural, though.
Hey, no excuses!
Could you give my brother
a few minutes to rest please?
Today's meal was a little
bit spoiled, you see.
[SMILE OVERSEER D] Now you're
complaining about the food?
Wanna cure your princess?
You know just how
sick Mancherie is.
[DWARF C]
Yes! Yes, we do!
Then get your ass back
to farmin' more fruit.
You know they're an
essential ingredient
in making her medication,
or did you forget?
The number of acceptable
fruits you produce
in one season is less than
10% of what you're harvesting.
You need to find a way to
increase your productivity.
D'you think we could
see Princess Mancherie?
No way!
[BOTH]
Why not, though?
Because--
If you were to
contract her illness,
we would be devastated!
[BOTH]
Huh?
[SMILE OVERSEER D] We would
never forgive ourselves
if we allowed anything
terrible to happen
to our beloved
Tontatta partners!
Aww. Mr. Underling!
[DWARF A] We're gonna push
ourselves to work even harder!
[DWARF C] Please continue to
take good care of our princess!
[SMILE OVERSEER D]
All right!
[SMILE OVERSEER D] They're so
gullible I almost feel bad.
[LEO]
Why, Robiland? Why stop me?
I'm sorry. However,
if I hadn't done something,
then you would have gotten hurt.
Huh?
[ROBIN]
That fly he sniped...
I see.
He somehow shot it
right between the eyes.
Trebol's vision must be
exceptional. And his aim.
I believe it's far too
dangerous to approach Sugar
while he's watching over her.
So. You got anything
for a plan B?
I do. First off, we need
to separate those two.
You do realize that's
easier said than done, right?
Usoland! Give us
guidance-- We need you!
[gasps]
[DWARVES]
Usoland, our legendary hero!
You can count on me.
That goes there.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A screams]
[IBUSU]
Hey, what's up with this cargo?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A screams]
It's a swarm of pink hornets!
[BIAN giggles]
[ROBIN] I have an urgent
report for Mr. Trebol!
[pants] Sir, we have a problem!
Captain Yves' pirates are
causing a disturbance
in sector 4!
They are demanding to
speak to an Executive
about renegotiating the price.
[TREBOL] Hmm? They think
they don't have to
be afraid of Joker anymore?
That takes some nerve, huh?
Huh? Hey. You're not the
regular messenger, are you?
[gasps]
He's on a lunch break
right now, that's all!
It's an emergency!
There's already been
a few casualties reported!
Please come quickly!
Casualties, huh? Okay.
Hey, hey!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Yes, Trebol?
Are you headed somewhere?
Tighten up security at the four
doors to the Executive Tower.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Yes, sir!
And if anything goes wrong,
do let me know at once.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Yes, sir!
Master Trebol!
Keep up the good work, sir!
Hey, hey! So where is it?
Where's the fight, huh?
This way.
Huh? You mean you're not gonna
fight alongside us, Usoland?
I could handle this mess easily.
[USOPP]
Yeah right. I'm staying safe!
But I think I should
let you guys do it.
To build up your
self-confidence!
Confidence.
That makes sense!
Wow, that's really
considerate of you!
And don't worry!
If anything goes wrong,
I'll jump in and
take over, okay?
[DWARVES cheer]
Well, that's good to know!
Our future's safe with you!
[DWARVES]
Usoland, our legendary hero!
That's me!
[SUGAR]
Huh? Someone there?
Here goes!
[USOPP]
Oh! He pulled it off!
Now we wait for her to pop that
Tatababasco clump in her mouth!
[USOPP]
Not that one!
Maybe this time.
[LEO yells]
[USOPP]
Don't yell, you pea brain!
[LEO] If Operation Sugar
Over-surprised Panic
is a failure,
it's going to ruin everything
we've worked so hard for!
We have no other choice!
[ALL]
Mm.
We're here on a mission.
Don't try to stop us!
[USOPP]
What're they doing?
Whatever it takes, we are
going to rescue our friends
who are enslaved here
in the factory!
But first, we're gonna
knock you out cold, Sugar!
But why? Huh?
You're so mean. I don't know
anything about your friends!
--[INHEL, BOMBA] Huh?
--Really, truly?
[DWARVES]
Huh?
[SUGAR]
Yeah.
Aww, it's okay!
You're being fooled!
It's not okay!
[ALL gasp]
Oh, close one!
You'll free our friends now!
Who put you up to this?
We've been cheating you for
ages and you little dim-wits
never had so much as a clue.
I was curious.
You used to come to
the palace all the time,
but I haven't seen you
in the past year.
I guess somebody has been
leading you astray, huh?
Attack now!
Pry her mouth open
and hold her still!
I'm not amused.
I don't like it when
people think I'm weak.
[DWARVES yelling]
Now you're all
"Little Black Bears"!
The contract.
[FLAPPER] Oh no!
She turned us into toys!
[SUGAR]
You shall follow my every order
until the day you perish.
[FLAPPER] Don't tell me they
forgot about us already?
[LEO]
A bear army?
Where did all those
teddy soldiers come from?
And weren't we in the
middle of something just now?
Kill everyone in
the Executive Tower!
And do it immediately!
[FLAPPER]
I can't disobey her orders!
[USOPP]
Kill everyone? Including me?
[DWARF G]
Please! I don't want to do this!
Those bears must be
working for Sugar!
I thought the only one she
had guarding her was Trebol,
but it looks like we were wrong!
[FLAPPER]
Leo! It's me! Flapper!
All right, guys! Get the enemy!
[DWARVES yell]
[FLAPPER]
No! No! No!
No!
[SUGAR] Trebol, come back
at once! It was a trap!
Trebol!
Huh? A trap? Hey!
Master Trebol, please look!
They're all starting to fight!
It's utter chaos!
You have to do something!
Huh?
Hey, hey! You guys okay?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
I heard there's a dilemma?
Master Trebol!
Well? Go on now!
Well, it's basically
nothing, sir.
We're just a bit jumpy because
we found hornets in our cargo.
Rest assured, this won't
have any affect on our deal!
She did lie!
Hey, hey, wait!
Here comes Trebol!
Nice try!
Hey! Hey! Who exactly
are you, huh? A spy?
Huh? [gasps]
Ah! Where did she go?
Hey! Hey!
[gasps] Wait a second.
I know her!
She's in the Straw Hat Crew!
How'd she get down here?
[SUGAR]
Trebol!
[TREBOL]
Why are they going after Sugar?
Get back up here!
You were fooled, you good
for nothing idiot! Die!
Huh?! I'm mad now!
[TREBOL]
Sticky-Sticky Chain!
[yells]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Stick-Stickem...
What's that?
[TREBOL]
Meteora!
[NARRATOR]
The destruction caused by
Trebol's violent attack
brings Leo and the Tontatta's
plans to a sudden halt.
It seems the only hope left
for King Riku and his Army
falls on the shoulders
of the Toy Solider.
Once known as a legend
throughout Dressrosa,
his true identity is
about to be revealed!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Last Light of Hope!
The Secret of Our Commander!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!